People know Williamsburg, VA for its rich history, but here are 9 things you didn’t know you could do in partnership with @VisitWilliamsburg 

Virginia Musical Museum: This was one of the highlights of the trip. It has one of a kind instruments and goes through the technological advances around playing music. It’s also home to the Virginia Music Hall of Fame.

@williamsburgwinery: Taste the wines they make as well as other Virginia wines on this beautiful estate. 

York River State Park: This @vastateparks is part of the Yorktown Formation, which is rich in fossils. You can easily find fossils at low tide!

James City Marina: Part of @jccparks, the @jamescitycounty marina is on Powhatan Creek, behind Jamestown Island. It offers rentals, we took out paddle boards and the creek is beautifully peaceful, with lots of marshland and birds

Jamestown Glasshouse: Originally one of England’s first manufacturing attempts in America, today the @colonialnps glasshouse produces many of the glass items that you see in National Park gift shops up and down the east coast. Watch glass artisans work and ask them questions.

Rent bikes in Yorktown: Patriot Tours and Provisions offers bikes you can rent and ride around Yorktown. It has a beautiful coast line, and is a great way to explore the town and find that cannonball in the side of the house.

@jrarchaeology Tour: Historic Jamestowne is the site of the first permanent English settlement in North America, and archeologists have been excavating for 20 years to learn more about the people who lived here.

Outdoor adventures at @goapewilliamsburg: Go Ape has zip lines, obstacle courses up in the trees, outdoor escape rooms, and axe throwing

Tour Yorktown battlefields on a Stanley Steamer: A fun way to tour the battlefields is on the Stanley Steamer replica from @littleyorkconfectionery that takes you through the major sites in the Revolutionary War battle. It adds in a little more historic feel!
 
Did I miss one?
 
#VisitWilliamsburgPartner #HistoricTriangle #HiddenGems #Escapes #VirginiaTravel #VisitWilliamsburg
